docs: Add additional notes around PDBs into the docs (#7858)
aws/karpenter-provider-aws: website/content/en/v1.2/concepts/disruption.md

Reviewer: We can decouple from this PR, but I wonder if it would be a good idea to create a section (or maybe separate page) dedicated to voluntary disruption candidacy. There's quite a few conditions, so it would probably be easier to reason about if it's summarized in a single place rather than needing to piece the information together from all of the different disruption controls.

### Pod-Level Controls

> Pods with PDBs will not be evicted by the [Termination Controller]({{<ref "#termination-controller">}}) or be considered for voluntary disruption actions. When multiple pods on a node have different PDBs, none of the PDBs may be blocking for Karpenter to voluntary disrupt a node. This can create complex eviction scenarios:

Reviewer: Looks like this part of the suggestion got dropped.
```suggestion
Pods with blocking PDBs will not be evicted by the [Termination Controller]({{<ref "#termination-controller">}}) or be considered for voluntary disruption actions. When multiple pods on a node have different PDBs, none of the PDBs may be blocking for Karpenter to voluntary disrupt a node. This can create complex eviction scenarios:
```

This has the following consequences:
- Nodes with `karpenter.sh/do-not-disrupt` pods will be excluded from [Consolidation]({{<ref "#consolidation" >}}), and conditionally excluded from [Drift]({{<ref "#drift" >}}).
  - If the Node's owning NodeClaim has a [`terminationGracePeriod`]({{<ref "#terminationgraceperiod" >}}) configured, it will still be eligible for disruption via drift.

> - Like pods with a blocking PDB, pods with the `karpenter.sh/do-not-disrupt` annotation will **not** be gracefully evicted by the [Termination Controller]({{<ref "#terminationcontroller">}}).

Reviewer: nit: we may want to drop gracefully, since this suggests they could be non-gracefully evicted. While technically true with TGP, I think it's clearer to describe the default behavior everywhere, and only describe the changes for TGP in the TGP section.

```suggestion
- Like pods with a blocking PDB, pods with the `karpenter.sh/do-not-disrupt` annotation will **not** be evicted by the [Termination Controller]({{<ref "#terminationcontroller">}}).
```

        karpenter.sh/do-not-disrupt: "true"
```

> Pods with PDBs will not be gracefully evicted by the [Termination Controller]({{<ref "#termination-controller">}}) or be considerd for consolidation. When multiple pods on a node have different PDBs, all PDB constraints must be satisfied simultaneously for Karpenter to consolidate the node. This can create complex eviction scenarios:

Author: Planning on back porting these change to all version of the docs. I want to agree on the wording first

> Pods with PDBs will not be gracefully evicted by the [Termination Controller]({{<ref "#termination-controller">}}) or be considerd for consolidation. When multiple pods on a node have different PDBs, all PDB constraints must be satisfied simultaneously for Karpenter to consolidate the node. This can create complex eviction scenarios:

Reviewer: nit: I wonder if we should start this section out with PDBs since they're a Kubernetes native concept and then describe the `do-not-disrupt` annotation. We already draw parallels to PDBs in the `do-not-disrupt` section so I think that would make the docs flow better and increase clarity.

> Pods with PDBs will not be gracefully evicted by the [Termination Controller]({{<ref "#termination-controller">}}) or be considerd for consolidation. When multiple pods on a node have different PDBs, all PDB constraints must be satisfied simultaneously for Karpenter to consolidate the node. This can create complex eviction scenarios:

Reviewer: nit: similar to the comment I had above, but I think we should frame this as blocking eviction in general rather than specifically graceful eviction.
```suggestion
Pods with blocking PDBs will not be evicted by the [Termination Controller]({{<ref "#termination-controller">}}) or be considered for consolidation. When multiple pods on a node have different PDBs, all PDB constraints must be satisfied simultaneously for Karpenter to consolidate the node. This can create complex eviction scenarios:
```

> Pods with PDBs will not be gracefully evicted by the [Termination Controller]({{<ref "#termination-controller">}}) or be considerd for consolidation. When multiple pods on a node have different PDBs, all PDB constraints must be satisfied simultaneously for Karpenter to consolidate the node. This can create complex eviction scenarios:

Reviewer: I think this could mislead users into thinking all pods on the node must be drainable at a point of time to be considered for consolidation. Really, we just need to be able to drain one pod per PDB.
```suggestion
Pods with PDBs will not be gracefully evicted by the [Termination Controller]({{<ref "#termination-controller">}}) or be considerd for consolidation. When multiple pods on a node have different PDBs, none of the PDBs may be blocking for Karpenter to consolidate the node. This can create complex eviction scenarios:
```

  - If a pod matches multiple PDBs (via label selectors), ALL of these PDBs must allow for disruption
  - When different pods on the same node belong to different PDBs, ALL PDBs must simultaneously permit eviction
  - A single blocking PDB can prevent the entire node from being consolidated

For example, consider a node with these pods and PDBs:
- Pod A: Matches PDB-1 (maxUnavailable: 0) and PDB-2 (maxUnavailable: 1)
- Pod B: Matches PDB-3 (minAvailable: 100%)
- Pod C: No PDB

In this scenario, Karpenter cannot consolidate the node because:
1. Pod A is blocked by PDB-1 even though PDB-2 would allow disruption
2. Pod B is blocked by PDB-3's requirement for 100% availability

> Karpenter will not be able to complete consolidation and termination of the node until all blocking PDBs allow for pod eviction or the pods are removed through other means.

Reviewer: nit: I think this is understood implicitly and muddies the waters (e.g. a user wonders what other means Karpenter has to remove a pod). I think we can just end this section off with a summary stating that the more PDBs there are affecting a node, the more difficult it will be for Karpenter to perform voluntary disruption.

Also, I didn't leave this comment elsewhere but we should talk about voluntary disruption generally, rather than just consolidation.

```suggestion
As seen in this example, the more PDBs there are affecting a Node, the more difficult it will be for Karpenter to find an opportunity to perform voluntary disruption actions. 
```
